Hidalgo:
Visually, your presentation was very nice. I also appreciated how you went off the presentation to provide real examples of site's navigation layouts to give us a better understanding. I felt as though the way you spoke about the topic showed that you took real time to understand website navigation. You also didn't read verbatim from your presentation, which was great. The only issue I found is that it was a bit hard to read the presentation because of the viewport on the browser. Overall the information provided was extremely useful, and you sounded eloquent in presenting it! P.S. I loved the Nier: Automata google background, that game is insane! :)

Knauer:
All of the information provided in this presentation was great! I learned a lot about the process by which to make a site, which is information I'll use when making sites in the future. Visually, the presentation was lacking; The slides themselves were bland but the information was quite useful. Additionally, you read your information right off of the slide, instead of allowing us to read concise, bulleted information while you elaborate deeper into each bullet. Besides these critiques, the information was quite useful in the presentation.

Lumingkewas: 
The information provided in the presentation was extremely useful for the design structure for a site! I also appreciated how you didn't just read the bulleted information on the slides, you provided real knowledge past what I could get from just looking at the slides. Each example you provided was great in helping me understand exactly what you were referring to. The only thing I can think of to critique is the fact that you didn't have a Works Cited slide at the end of the presentation. Past this, the presentation was engaging and I learned a lot!

Nadim:
I appreciated that you didn't read verbatim from your slideshow, it made your presentation much more engaging. Visually, your presentation was lacking, but the information provided was very solid. I also appreciated the effort of using your webcam, but it did overlap with some of the text on the slides. Overall, information wise, your presentation succeeded in teaching me new information about website navigation.	

Wells:
I appreciated the example of what a bad site vs a good site was in your presentation. The information provided was solid. Visually, your presentation got the job done, but it wasn't anything to write home about. When presenting the information, however, you mumbled and I found it hard to hear exactly what you were saying. It also seemed like you were reading off of a word document as you presented, which may or may not be a bad thing. You read off of each slide, but also provided a bit more information if you could. Overall, the information was solid, just they way by which it was presented could use some work.